Alright. So far, I've been showing you a
rather traditional way of setting up
REST API's using Spring MVC. Now, around
Spring 4, they provide us an annotation
called @RestController. And what this is
it's a convenience annotation that is
going to give us the @ResponseBody
Annotation. Now, what we've been doing is
we've been returning back the ResponseEntity. So we've been returning back this
and that is effectively almost nearly
the same as ResponseBody but it does
give us a little more control. And what
what we can do is the equivalent of this.
This is in Spring 4. I was I'm
thinking it's Spring 4-ish. This @RequestBody
came out in Spring 3, but in 4.0, we
got this @RestController which is really
just a convenience annotation that
combines these two annotations, so
@Controller and @ResponseBody. So now the,
REST Controllers are gonna return
back an Entity. So what we can do is
change this, like so and let's see here. You don't
need to do that anymore. So let's get rid
of that give it all that.
I should have to turn back a new. So
you can see here, let's bring up the old
one, you can see that we were returning
back ResponseEntity with the generic of
CategoryListDTO, and we're building
that object which gives us a lot more
control over the response that we're
sending here. We're effectively doing the
same thing a little bit cleaner code. So
I'm gonna refactor this guy too while
we're here.
Now let's double check our test. Make
sure that those are still running okay.
So the tests are still happy. I'm not
gonna go through doing everything on
the CustomerController. I'll update the
code and check that in on the branch for
the end of this module. But just take
a look at how this is handling it. So a
little bit cleaner implementation. We're no
longer returning back that Response
Entity. So now we have a RestController
which is just a recap a convenience
method, to say that we're returning back
a ResponseBody from these. So the
@ResponseBody annotation says I'm gonna return back an object but I want you
to parse it to the proper implementation
where the clients asking for JSON or XML
or whatever, the Framework is gonna
handle that based on the request type
and handling that object. So if you
remember when we were dealing with
Spring MVC and Thymeleaf, we were
returning back a String and the String
was used to figure out the template. In
this case, we're returning back an object
because we're asking for JSON. Jackson
is gonna be utilized to generate a JSON
response based on the object that we're
returning. So in this case, CategoryListDTO
and CategoryDTO are gonna get
converted into JSON by Jackson because
we are having a @RestController mapping
here that combines and @Controller and
@ResponseBody for us. So I was showing
you an older way, prior to this. And with
Spring 5, this is probably the most
modern and most preferred way. But you
are gonna see a mixture of that of
these methods out there in the field. So
there's a number of different ways to
skin the cat here. This is probably the
most current one but when you get out on
the field and start working with legacy
code, you can see a number of different
ways of handling this.